Document --configfile option for dotnet nuget verify (#28079)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-verify.md

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet nuget verify foo.nupkg --certificate-fingerprint CE40881FF5F0AD3E58965DA20A9F571EF1651A56933748E1BF1C99E537C4E039 --certificate-fingerprint EC10992GG5F0AD3E58965DA20A9F571EF1651A56933748E1BF1C99E537C4E027
  ```

> - Verify *foo.nupkg* signature using settings (i.e: `packagesources` , `trustedSigners`) only from specified nuget.config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify the signature of *foo.nupkg* by using settings (`packagesources` and `trustedSigners`) only from the specified *nuget.config* file:
```

Author: Addressed.
